---
title: The Dive into the World of Anime
description: My journey into the world of anime and possibly manga.
date: 2024-02-14
unlisted: true
---

I know this post doesn't really fit into the previous posts I've made about projects of mine and such, but this blog was meant for a little bit of everything.

**Disclaimer**: This post does **NOT** contain any spoilers.

## How did we get here?

Through the 20 years of my life, I've never really been "into" anime.

I may have seen a couple episodes of Pokémon when I was young, but does that really count? Lately, the last thing that could even be considered remotely close is Netflix's Arcane, though there's plenty of people (a lot) willing to argue that it's *not* an anime, which I totally agree with.

I never thought it was a childish thing either... I just never had gotten into it. I knew it had a large following. I've seen plenty of people around me set characters set as their profile pictures online, put stickers on notebooks and water bottles, wear affiliated shirts and hats, etc...

Perhaps the second closest I've been is through my years of playing osu!, a circle-clicking rhythm game that contains plenty songs from anime openings and endings among other things (I'll touch on this later).

I really just didn't know where to begin...

There's just so much content out there, and with some series spanning multiple hundreds of episodes to even thousands, it felt like too much. Not to mention it's a medium of media I've never tapped into, which is why I had some difficulty later answering the question: "What are you looking for in an anime?"

Then one day a co-worker who I'm good friends with comes up to me and asks me about anime. I don't remember the exact context but it eventually led to me saying that I've been meaning to get into it. One thing leads to the next and later we're sitting in a Discord VC.

## Death Note

Death Note was my first anime. Turns out it's also one that plenty of other people had started with as well.

## Vinland Saga

## Now
